c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\PEAmedia.Web.dll.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\PEAmedia.Web.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\PEAmedia.Web.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\obj\Debug\PEAmedia.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\obj\Debug\PEAmedia.Web.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\obj\Debug\PEAmedia.Web.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\bin\SimpleCrypto.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PEAmedia\PEAmedia.Web\obj\Debug\PEAmedia.Web.g.resources
